# Conceptual Exercise

## Answer the following questions below

- What is PostgreSQL?

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
  It is free, an open source relational database management system.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
  To connect to a database in `psql`, you need to use `\c` command + name of the database that you want to connect to.

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
  `WHERE` is deciding which rows to use, `HAVING` id determining which grouped results to keep.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
  `INNER` joins are only join rows that match the conditions in both tables,`OUTER` joins are only join all rows in tables depend on the kind of join that is being used (`LEFT`, `RIGHT` or `FULL`).

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
  `LEFT OUTER` joins every row from the left table including rows that don't match to all conditions from the right table, but it will not include rows that don't match conditions to the left table, and the same but goes for `RIGHT OUTER` but it works opposite way, it includes all roes from the right table even those that don't match to conditions of the left table but doesn't include not matching rows from the left table.

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
  An object-relational mapper provides an object-oriented layer between relational databases and object-oriented programming languages without having to write SQL queries. ORM creates a model of the object-oriented program with a high-level of abstraction.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
  AJAX is used for asynchronous client-side communication with the server within web browsers, while `requests` is used for synchronous server-side communication with external servers and APIs in Python scripts.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
  The CSRF token is a unique and random value that is generated by the server and included in the web page as a hidden form field or as an HTTP header. When a user submits a form or makes a request that changes the server's state, the CSRF token must be included with the request. The server then validates the CSRF token to ensure that the request is legitimate and not a result of a CSRF attack.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
  The `form.hidden_tag()` function is used in the template where the form is rendered to generate the necessary hidden input field containing the CSRF token.
